








IOTA Solution





























Products
new


Trace9

Amygdala XDR

Services

Software Licensing Portal

Partner Portal

Total Tech Care

About Us



Get Started







With IT-driven Intelligence, Monitoring and innovative Solutions
Empowering businesses
Elevate your business with our top-notch IT solutions, harnessing the power of innovation and proactive monitoring. Experience the next generation of innovation & strategic expertise tailored to meet your unique needs.





More About Us











ISO for Trace9 & Amygdala XDR
Certifications

















Why Us
Choose

















Get More Info




SELLING POINTS
UNIQUE
Unleash the power of innovation with IOTA Solution, our unique selling point lies in our ability to seamlessly blend cutting-edge technology and personalized strategies.
Our use case-driven approach empowers us to dive deep into the specific pain points of customers.

Get holistic visibility through a single pane of glass and view your entire IT environment - From networks and applications to systems and device.

We have top-notch team, people, and process that are committed to excellence in everything they do.








Get More Info




VALUE POINT
UNIQUE
Ignite your business potential with IOTA Solutions, where our unique value point lies in our ability to turn challenges into opportunities.
With our dynamic blend of innovation, expertise, and customer satisfaction, we deliver solutions that propel your success.

Your trusted partner that provides expert consultancy services to help our customers succeed in achieving their goals.

We deliver the most viable and effective IT solutions tailored to their unique requirements.








Get More Info




ADVANTAGE
Cognitive
Gain the cognitive advantage with IOTA Solutions, we harness the power of cutting-edge cognitive technologies to drive unparalleled insights, innovation, and business growth.
Unlike other solutions that force you into rigid licensing model, we offer a flexible licensing model that's specifically based on the number of ports.

We establish a business process that address all your problems in a single offering solution.

We deliver workshops, training, and full-fledged packages, designed to ensure the success of your organization.













Trace9
Trace9® - The Ultimate Unified IT Monitoring Solution
Trace9®4.0 - Unified monitoring solution monitor and manage the health and performance of the entire IT infrastructure across physical, virtual, and hybrid IT environments. It enables organizations to keep track of and observe the performance of their networks, servers, databases, cloud, and all other IT assets in their environment. Get a unified 360-degree monitoring view for complete enterprise IT infrastructure; break down silos and accelerate your business.




Edition Choice



Trace9 4.0 offers multiple editions available for customers who need to monitor and manage their own IT infrastructure and applications. You can select the edition that best suits your IT monitoring needs and budget. You can also select the licensing type (perpetual or subscription) that matches your total cost of ownership (TCO).


Usecase Driven



We don't just offer one-size-fits-all solutions; Trace9 use case-driven approach addresses the specific needs and pain points of our valuable customers, and create customized and tailored solution.


Multi-tenant Architecture for MSPs



Trace9 monitor multiple customer’s IT environments from a single dashboard with customer-specific dashboards, alerts and reports.


Flexible Licensing



Trace9 offers flexible Perpetual and Subscription based licensing models.


Modular Approach



Trace9 employs a modular approach to provide flexibility, scalability, and extensibility for our valuable customers. The modular approach provides a comparison between different modules of Trace9 Monitoring Solution. It outlines the features, and specifications that distinguish one modular from another. It helps customers make informed decisions about which modules best suits their needs or preferences.

Get More Info









Amygdala XDR
Amygdala XDR® - Extended Detection, Response & Compliance Monitoring Solution
Amygdala XDR is an open-source security detection, visibility, and compliance platform that enables organizations to protect their IT infrastructure from potential threats and actively respond to security threats in real time. It provides real-time threat detection, incident response capabilities, and centralized logging and analysis of security events across an organization's IT infrastructure, including servers, endpoints, cloud environments, containers, and networks.




Real-time Threat Detection



Amygdala XDR detects all known and unknown security threats in real-time, by analyzing security events and logs from across an organization's IT infrastructure.


Incident response



Amygdala XDR incident response capabilities allow security teams to respond to incidents quickly and effectively, reducing the impact of the attack.


Integration with other security tools



Amygdala XDR integrates with other security tools, including IDS/IPS, vulnerability scanners, and SIEM solutions, providing a holistic security solution.


Compliance monitoring



Amygdala XDR offers compliance monitoring capabilities that assist organizations in ensuring that they meet the best industry and regulatory standards

Get More Info






Integration With
Popular Apps
Accelerate your business growth through seamless integration with industry-leading apps.
















Our Top
Services
Experience excellence with our cutting-edge services designed to elevate your business to new heights.









Consultancy Services
With our enterprise-wide-powered consultation strategies, Iota Solutions will advance and optimize your business transformation environment. Tackle/Solve your challenges with our agile approach, design thinking, quality improvement, technologies, and practical IT solutions delivery. Unlock the full potential of your business by implementing the right technology to your specific business environment.






Data Center Build






PPC Ads
Optimized your website on google result with PPC Marketing





DevOps/SecOPs Services
IOTA Solutions DevOps/SecOPs Application Services will enable you to shake up today's fast-paced business world by delivering outcome-focused, unbiased.





Consultancy Services
With our enterprise-wide-powered consultation strategies, Iota Solutions will advance and optimize your business transformation environment.





Software Support Services
Iota Solution offers software support services to ensure the high availability and reliability of software relevant to evolving business needs.





Data Center Build
Our modular, energy-efficient, innovation-driven data center design structure will offer great flexibility and enables us to prioritize and meet the deadlines.





Managed Services
We build and manage advanced services designed according to operational frameworks on dedicated infrastructures to ensure your business achieves optimal outcomes through Standardized, Rationalized, and Dynamic levels under the workload-centric Data Center SLA, Managed NOC/SOC.





Managed Services
We build and manage advanced services designed according to your business tailored Usecase. Iota Solution additionally designs operational frameworks on dedicated infrastructures.





Software Support Services
Iota Solution offers software support services to ensure the high availability and reliability of software relevant to evolving business needs.





DevOps/SecOPs Services
IOTA Solutions DevOps/SecOPs Application Services will enable you to shake up today's fast-paced business world by delivering outcome-focused.





TVC/ Viral Clip
Optimized your website on google result with PPC Marketing




Our so far
Success Story












































































































Reviews
Clients
Satisfied Clients, Glowing Testimonials: Discover Their Experiences








“Trace9 ensures that we have 24/7 access to the health and performance of our IT infrastructures like critical systems and applications. It is deployed at Shifa Intl. Network Operations Center to monitor our IT Operations and Datacenter Infrastructure.”




Manager IT Infrastructure, Shifa International Hospital
Abdul Basit





“Cloud Catalyst is the ultimate cloud solution for our customers. We manage customers cloud infrastructure. We guarantee high availability and performance with our KPIs and SLAs, and we give then full visibility into cloud environment with Trace9 unified monitoring solution.”




CTO Cloud Catalyst
Abdul Rehman





“Our collaboration with IOTA solutions in infrastructure monitoring enables our clients to benefit from our reliable and secure services. We have implemented Trace9 and Amygdala XDR, which not only help us achieve operational visibility, cost savings but also provide enhanced visibility into our security posture.”




GM IT Infrastructure, Speed Edge
Muhammad Adeel





“Trace9 provides unified monitoring, reporting, and alerting of our CPEs across the country. It adapts to our use-cases such as conditional monitoring based on pre-defined criteria, power failure detection, real-time SLA monitoring, and fault management workflows.”




Senior Manager, Managed Services, PTCL
Asif Aqeel





“IOTA Solutions helped to move our capacity monitoring to a modern solution based on Elastic stack. I appreciate IOTA support services: prompt responses, quality of answers and fast resolution of issues.”




Service Account Manager, Optiva
Petr Pretov




Get In
Touch
Ready to take your business to new heights? Get in touch, and let's make it happen.

sales@iotasolutions.io








A leading provider of technology infrastructure, managed IT services and solutions.













our company



Home

Services

About Us

get in touch




051-2250088


sales@iotasolutions.io


www.iotasolutions.io


Mezzanine Floor, Khumrial Center,G8/4, Islamabad Pakistan

IOTA Solutions LLC 1155 Pocatello Creek Rd, Suite W, Pocatello Idaho 83201

our products



Trace9®

Amygdala XDR™

© 2023 Copyrights by All Rights Reserved. Designed by
IOTA Solutions.
IOTA Solutions
Large modal


Previous


Next
















